All right in this way you would like to give you some additional preparation advice on how to solve
the challenge.
The exercise that you have gotten for in the last video.
So your task is to use dictionaries in order to find out which name is the one that was given most in
the U.S. and therefore you need to check something.
And I will show you something with this list one where we have hello hello world.
Hello and Marcy in there and now I would like to know how often hello is in there.
And I also would like to know which word it is that is that often so the word hello is three times the
word word world is on the ones in there and the word is ones in there as well.
So if we create a dictionary Let's go ahead and do that.
Let's create an empty dictionary.
And now I would like to go through my list one.
And if the element that I'm looking at so with this for loop would go through every single element within
my list every single item pretty much in the list.
And if the element in my dictionary was at the beginning is empty is existent.
So which means that this word is already in my dictionary.
Then please go ahead and add the elements.
Position the value that you had before plus 1.
So we always have a dictionary as you know it consists of a key and a value key value.
So we are going through the list and then we're going through or checking it comparing it pretty much
with a dictionary.
So if it already exists so halo already exists in the dictionary as you know a key can only be unique
within a dictionary so hello will only be in there once so it will not be in there twice or something
not that world will only be in there once and that's the same for name.
So Frank will only be there once and Michael will only be there once and so forth.
So we check.
Is this name already in the list.
Yes if it is OK then please go ahead and as the name and its position get at the value that it had before
and had won.
So now this name will be there an additional time and else just say that element is there once because
if it was not in the dictionary for as it is at the beginning Can we just add or we just assign the
value one.
Now let's print the after this for you and you will see what I mean.
So we have this dictionary the dictionary which had the key.
Hello Has the value 3 Add world.
It has one and Amar's it has one as well.
And that's because the value Hello ordered text Hello is there three times in this list.
So that's how you can simply use a dictionary and for loop in order to figure out how many occurrences
a specific name has.
Right.
But that's not enough because you don't only want to know how many occurrences a specific name has you
want to know which name is the one with the maximum occurrence.
So the one that has most namings makes all Karoon since there's going to be zero.
And now we need to use tuple unpacking.
So we say QI come of value in Deedat items.
So now we go through all the items in our dictionary and we check if Max occurrences
is greater than the value of our specific entry of our item within the dictionary.
And if that's the case then let's say Max occurrences is going to be the value and then print the max
occurrences just to see what they are.
And as you can see we get the value three.
So now we will know which is the highest value in terms of namings.
And of course you can also just print out the key in order to find out what the name is with the maximum
occurences.
So this is just a hint right.
I'm not giving you the full answer already.
But generally speaking that's how you can approach to this whole challenge.
So this for loop is really just there to figure out what is the highest number.
And also to figure out what the name is.
This one here is to accumulate all the namings in order to create a list of all the names with their
values.
So with how many people were named with this name in the U.S..
All right so good luck and see you in the next video.